Docs update, correct max search bytes per trace limit (#1129)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/grafana-agent/tail-based-sampling.md

To start using tail-based sampling, define a sampling policy.
If you're using a multi-instance deployment of the agent,
add load balancing and specify the resolving mechanism to find other Agents in the setup.

> To see all the available config options, refer to the [configuration reference](https://github.com/grafana/agent/blob/main/docs/configuration/traces-config.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see all the available configuration options, refer to the [configuration reference](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/configuration/traces-config/).
```
